Dedicated to quality.
From a welding procedure development to an Eolic tower system park, we had involved in global impact projects around the world.

 
 
 Our commitment is 100%
We have more than 30 years of experience in several branches of industry and we care about your process
Reliable and great experience



Inspection services from SGS help you to reduce risk and ensure quality and accuracy, as well as meeting regulatory requirements.


Whether you are developing products, projects, or processes, you need trusted independent inspection to ensure that both your legal obligations and the standards you expect are met, at every stage. Our comprehensive range of world-leading inspection services helps you to reduce risk, control quality and quantity, and meet all relevant regulatory requirements across different regions and markets.

Think Quality, Think CQRA

------------------------------------------------------------
Chemical:

We offer a range of laboratory services to test the safety of your goods and help control chemical use according to the tolerance levels in place for your industry.

construction:

When a project is conceived, we can help make the plans a reality by ensuring processes run efficiently, construction sites are safe and reliable materials are used.


Snap Audits, India is a third party inspection company and an arm of CQRA that conducts inspections at agreed intervals by our expert engineering and auditors team who collate site data in a span of 2 to 3 days. This is done using a special mobile app developed in-house. This app is compatible with any android smart phones. These audits can be customized to specific requirements of a client.

The information collected during the third party inspection servicesis based on observations made at work as well as secondary data based on documentation available onsite. The coverage of snap audits include

Quality Audits
Safety audits
Cost and Material Consumption Audits
Audit of management system

The findings are presented as an MIS report which includes major nonconformities and a scorecard on a 10 point scale, customized for every client. These audits are useful for performance appraisal of staff and implementing milestone based bonus & penalty systems for contractors’ basis the quality scores.


